{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 First things first, they absolutely LOVE how the Daily Pick 'Em is coming out!\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Couple Tweaks they want to bring to your/their attention.\'a0 (Please note, that if you are getting to these issues, they  apologize.)\'a0 I\'a0
\b Bolded
\b0 \'a0the Main Aspect of each Bullet Point.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 *Instead of the administrator putting a Date with every Show,\'a0
\b they would like the Shows Randomized
\b0 .\'a0 They will be putting the shows in Chronologically so they don\'92t miss anything, and they feel like it would be more spontaneous and fun if the shows jumped around through the Wrestling Timeline with no pattern.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 *
\b The Show Names being Picked will need to be hidden until the User starts the Game.
\b0 \'a0 This way, it will prevent the User from looking up the Answers on the Internet beforehand.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 *Just as in the PPV Pick 'Em,
\b \'a0"No Contest"
\b0 \'a0needs to be added to every match as an option to pick.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 *Attached are 2 Screen Shots from one of their phones of an issue Im not sure how to resolve.\'a0\'a0
\b When there are Multiple Names on a Team, the Presentation of the Match is cramped and confusing
\b0 .\'a0 Pictured are 2 Survivor Series Matches where the Match involves Teams of 5, and as you can see, it's a little off with spacing and it looks like all the names run together.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 *
\b Is there any way to make adding Matches more similar to the Standard Pick 'Em Game?
\b0 \'a0 They feel like theres a lot going on, and they did figure it out, but it feels like it's taking me a lot longer to add Matches.\'a0 They understand that adding wrestlers to the Daily Pick Em game is gonna make the process longer, but they put in 3 Shows yesterday (WrestleMania 1985, Survivor Series 1987, Survivor Series 2019) and it took theme a little less than 2 hours to do.\'a0 They have approximately 500 shows to add to this Data Base, and they don\'92t want to launch this thing until everything is in.\'a0 But if this is how it has to be, then they\'92ll work with it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 *Is there going to be a\'a0
\b Leader Board with all of the User's Scores???
\b0 \'a0 They\'92re  looking for this to be a Contest amongst the User's.\'a0 At first, it will be for fun and pride, but eventually, they would like to award prizes and whatnot for Weekly Winners and Monthly Winners (to be worked out\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Thank for all the work they are putting into this!\'a0 It is Greatly Appreciated!!!\
}